# CS-250 Software Development Lifecycle

When it comes to interpreting user needs and implementing them into the project, it is important to have a good line of communication. You want to make sure that your Product Owner has productive meetings with any clients and that detailed notes are taken. As a developer, you always want to make sure that you ask questions so that you can clarify any information that you are not sure about. Agile works well for complex projects because it emphasizes breaking a problem down into smaller, more manageable pieces and producing a working demo after each Sprint. User Stories help with this because it allows for the Product Owner to break the project down and then it can be prioritized into smaller parts than can be scheduled for completion. This allows for good collaboration with the developers because they can decide how many of these user stories can be completed in a given sprint. This creates good transparency within a team because as the User Stories are presented in the Product Backlog, everyone within the team understands the flow of how the project should be completed. I feel that I have learned many valuable lessons in this course by learning about the agile/scrum methodologies. I have learned how important it is to work on a team when working on a large project and how important it is to collaborate with others. I have also learned how you need to have the ability to adapt when working on a software product because you never know when the customer will change their mind and want something different. Breaking a large project down into smaller parts helps with this since you can work on a feature during each sprint while you get more requirements as you proceed through the project. I think there are several ways that you can be a good team member when it comes to software development. It is important to listen to others when they need help because one day you might need help from them and this could happen during the Daily Stand Up. I also think you can be a good team member by working on your communication skills. As software engineers, It can be common to be introverted but having good communication with other developers, the Scrum Master, and the Product Owner will create a better working environment. 
